Docs - Update the schema generation docs (#992)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/how-to-use-schema.md

## Schema and source control

If you are using the built-in [Unreal source control system](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Engine/UI/SourceControl) Unreal locks this file on checkout, meaning other users are unable to write to it. To prevent this, mark the `SchemaDatabase` as writable locally on each machine, and only check out the file when you are ready to commit any changes made to it.

## Schema for unique local classes

Whenever you generate schema, the GDK checks the [`SchemaDatabase`]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase) and all the in-memory classes in your project and removes any classes referenced in the `SchemaDatabase` that no longer exist.

This means that if you have a class that only exists on one user's machine (for example, a newly created class, or a class used for local testing) then these classes are automatically removed from the `SchemaDatabase` whenever another user generates schema.

To prevent this, commit newly created or modified classes to source control alongside the `SchemaDatabase`.

<br/>------------<br/>

> _2019-05-31 Page updated with editorial review_

Reviewer: Does it need a new date? :-)

You must generate schema when you add or change any [replicated properties (Unreal documentation)](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Gameplay/Networking/Actors/Properties) that you want to deploy to SpatialOS.

> > Whenever you generate schema, the GDK automatically creates schema for classes with [replicated properties (Unreal documentation)](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Gameplay/Networking/Actors/Properties) or [RPCs (Unreal documentation)](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Gameplay/Networking/Actors/RPCs). If a class does not have replicated properties or RPCs, then the GDK does not generate schema for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Whenever you generate schema, the GDK creates schema for you; for classes with [replicated properties (Unreal documentation)](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Gameplay/Networking/Actors/Properties) or [RPCs (Unreal documentation)](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Gameplay/Networking/Actors/RPCs). It stores shema in your project's SchemaDatabase file. If a class does not have replicated properties or RPCs, then the GDK does not generate schema for it.
```

Adding this reference the mention of schema database below, at the bottom. Should the file name be in backticks as it's a file name?

Also, do we need "automatically" now?

Author: I reckon "automatically" does the same job as "for you", but happy to make the change.

## How to generate schema

There are two ways to generate schema for your project from [within the Unreal Editor](#generating-schema-within-the-unreal-editor), and you can also generate schema [via the command line](#generating-schema-via-the-command-line).

### Generating schema within the Unreal Editor

> Within the Unreal Editor, you can generate schema using a Full Scan, or generate schema iteratively. For information on when to use each method, see [Which method to use](#which-method-to-use).

Author: I was debating whether to put the "Which method to use" section up here, as an explanation of the options. What do you reckon? 

The only issue is that it says "_Select **Full Scan**_" without introducing how/where you do this, but that might be OK, compared to introducing three options and their steps without saying how to choose between them.

> Within the Unreal Editor, you can generate schema using a Full Scan, or generate schema iteratively. For information on when to use each method, see [Which method to use](#which-method-to-use).

Reviewer: I think defining the two types of generation at the top is a good idea as it's not obvious if you don't already know how the GDK works.

* **Full Scan** 

>     To generate schema for all classes in your project:<br/>

Author: Hmm, I removed the footnote because there were tons of asterisks that all linked to a callout (see https://docs.improbable.io/unreal/alpha/content/how-to-use-schema), and I added the note at the top instead, to avoid the need for a footnote. 

Maybe instead of having a footnote we could just add it inline, so it would be:

> To generate schema for all classes in your project that have replicated properties or RPCs:

What do you reckon?

>     To generate schema for all classes in your project:<br/>

Reviewer: Worried there's an issue for anyone who does a search and lands half-way down the page or scans because it categorically says "To generate schema for all classes" which isn't true.
I'd go for asterisk because it's less intrusive in the text.

>     To generate schema for all classes in your project:<br/>

Author: Have actually gone for adding it in everywhere (as well as having a note about it at the top).

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32169118/60514248-035c7680-9cd1-11e9-8eaf-32b0262d8aaa.png)

    In the Unreal Editor, on the [GDK toolbar]({{urlRoot}}/content/toolbars#buttons), open the **Schema** drop-down menu and select **Schema (Full Scan)**.<br/> You must select **Schema (Full Scan)** the first time you generate schema for a project. 
    <br/> ![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/screen-grabs/toolbar/schema-button-full-scan.png)<br/>
    _Image: In the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor, select **Schema (Full Scan)**_<br/>
    <br/>When you select **Schema (Full Scan)**, the GDK automatically iterates through all classes in your project to generate the schema files, and then updates the [SchemaDatabase]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase). <br/>

>     Run a full scan the first time you generate schema for your project, and whenever you need to generate schema for classes that are not currently loaded by the Editor.<br/>For example: You need to select **Schema (Full Scan)** if you didn't generate schema after adding a new Blueprint to your game, and that Blueprint is no longer open in the Editor.<br/><br/>

Reviewer: Note lower case "full scan" ref: the comment above on capitalisation.

* **Iterative**

>     To generate schema for classes that are currently loaded by the Editor: <br/>

Reviewer: What's the benefit of using this rather than full scan? - is it because it's quicker? If so, should we say that?

Author: @padhansell do you know?

Reviewer 2: Yep exactly - full scan is significantly slower than iterative in large projects. To me it seems obvious from the naming that the iterative approach would be faster, but agree we should call that out in the "Which method to use" section 👍

>     Select **Schema** in the [GDK toolbar]({{urlRoot}}/content/toolbars#buttons). The GDK automatically iterates through classes that are currently loaded by the Editor, generates the schema files and updates the [SchemaDatabase]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schemadatabase).<br/>

Reviewer: Is "automatically" needed here? I think it's redundant with the more detailed explanation.

Reviewer: Also "classes(*)" because it's not all classes loaded - just the ones which have replicated properties or RPCs, right? (or no?)

    ![Toolbar]({{assetRoot}}assets/screen-grabs/toolbar/schema-button.png)<br/>
    _Image: In the GDK toolbar in the Unreal Editor, select **Schema**_<br/>

### Generating schema via the command line

> You can generate schema via the command line using an Unreal commandlet. This method uses a Full Scan (see [Which method to use](#which-method-to-use)). It's useful as part of an automated build system.

Reviewer: "full scan" ? (For consistency.)

Reviewer: What's the automated build system and where can I find out about it?

Author: I think "automated build system" refers to something that the user might be using, outside of SpatialOS/the GDK, so here we're just saying that you might want to use the CLI method if you have an automated build system that you want to integrate it into. (@padhansell is that correct?)

Reviewer 2: Yep that's correct :)

To generate schema via the command line, run the following command:

```
<Path to UE4Editor.exe> <Path to your game's .uproject file> -run=GenerateSchemaAndSnapshots -MapPaths=<MapName1;MapName2;MapName3>
```

> This command generates schema using a Full Scan for all assets, and generates individual snapshots (`<MapName>.snapshot`) for each map. Any specified map paths that end in `/` are interpreted as a directory, and snapshots are generated for each .umap found under these paths.

Reviewer: 1. full scan? (capitalisation consistency)

2. What do we mean by "assets" to we mean all classes which have replicated properties or RPCs? Or do we mean something else entirely here?
"assets" in this context, often means "visual or audio which make up your game like textures and images".
Probs best to keep consistent with the term we are using - unless new term, obvs.

3. What's a snapshot and how can I find out about it? DO we mean SpatialOS snapshots? Or is this something different and if so, why are they called snapshots - help my confused mind!!!? (Super confusing if different!)

Author: @padhansell could you take a look at 2 and 3? I imagine that for 3, we're talking about SpatialOS snapshots, in which case I should link to the relevant doc.

Reviewer 2: Yeah for 2) we mean any C++ or blueprint class that has replicated properties or RPCs (so not things like sounds or images) - it might be more correct to say something like "all actor classes". And 3) is indeed referring to SpOS snapshots 😄

Author: Cool, thanks. Have made the updates.

As the GDK automatically generates all the schema you need, you do not have to write or edit schema manually when using the GDK.

## Which method to use

Select **Schema (Full Scan)** or generate schema via the command line if you have: 

* not generated any schema for your project.

> * added or edited a class with replicated properties that is not currently loaded by the Editor.

Reviewer: Added or edited a class since I last generated Schema (Full Scan)?
Also, is it only a replicated properties or RPCs too?

Author: Good point - I'm guessing yes (to your first question), but am not sure about your second. The original doc only mentioned replicated properties, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's right! cc @padhansell

Reviewer 2: Sorry yep this means both RPCs and properties. When talking about schema generation, it will always refer to both

> This means that if you have a class that only exists on one user's machine (for example, a newly created class, or a class used for local testing) then these classes are automatically removed from the SchemaDatabase file whenever another user generates schema.

Reviewer: Have suggested defining what the SchemaDatabase file is in the first comment above. Otherwise, it's not clear what this file is, you have to sort of work it out, I think. (Unless there is some text I missed - highly likely!)
Should the filename be in backticks? Not sure?!

To prevent this, commit newly created or modified classes to source control alongside the SchemaDatabase.

<br/>------------<br/>

> _2019-05-31 Page updated with editorial review_

Reviewer: <3
